class 3 -
recap -
And - supporting tag which can go with given when then
user story - Login functionality
acceptance criteria - As a user, if I enter credentials, I should be able
to login to the system.
data driven testing -
when your scenario/test case executes against multiple sets of data, then
it is data driven test
Data driven testing -
Given user is able to access chrome browser and launch application
When user enters "username" and "password"
And user clicks on login button
Then user is navigated to HRMS dashboard page
username
admin
lead
manager
director
merchant
password
Hum@nhrm123
Hum@nhrm123
Hum@nhrm123
Hum@nhrm123
Hum@nhrm123
Types of testing -
Functional and Non Functional
What is functional testing - to test the functionality of the application,
we perform functional testing.
non functional testing - look and feel, performance, security
nasima - settings
sino - login
tony - logout
before committing this code in dev env, all developers check their
respective modules
developers only check the unit/component on which they are working
Unit testing - only developers perform unit testing
Integration Testing - QA/test - QA team performs integration testing (All
units together)
QA/Test - System testing - when my application works with other
softwares/hardwares (end to end testing)
Staging environment - User acceptance testing (UAT) - client tester's
perform UAT testing.
functional
non functional
unit
integration
system
UAT
regression - when you test all the test cases, checks all the
functionality (ALL) - situations of executing this is available in slides
smoke testing - we perform smoke testing every day, checking the key/basic
functionality of the application (10-15 test cases) - quick testing
performance testing - to check the performance of tha application under
various conditions
508 compliance testing - this type of testing is mandatory for government
websites, JAWS is the popular tool for testing it.
Ad hoc testing - exploratory testing, testers try to break the flow of
application but without following
any test case flow. (no documentation needed). exploratory testing, ad
hoc, monkey, informal testing.
retesting - when you retest the functionality after fixing the bug
positive testing - when you enter the positive data and checks the
positive flow intentionally we call it positive testing.
negative testing - when you enter the negative data intentionally to
generate the errors in the system
black box testing - QA performs black box testing.
white box testing - developers perform white box testing.
green box testing - client testers perform
